So far, we reviewed how to implement Google Analytics tracking
on a website and how to study the data in your Google Analytics account.
In this course, we take a more in-depth look into the insights you can get from
your Google Analytics data with a focus on
understanding how the traffic to your site is acquired,
converts, and how you can attribute acquisition and
conversion to different acquisition channels like search,
social, display campaigns et cetera.
In this lesson, we will take a closer look at campaign tagging.
Then we will review the different channel definitions in Google Analytics.
In lesson three, we will take a look at e-commerce reporting.
Then in lesson four,
we'll learn about the different attribution reports in GA. Lastly in lesson five,
we will cover a few more advanced reports that can help you get
better insights into how the pages and events on your site help users to convert.
But first, let's talk about campaign tagging.
In order to see what marketing action or which
advertising campaigns are most successful in achieving your goals,
it's important that you label your campaigns in a way that
allows you to recognize them later in your Google Analytics account.
That labeling is done through the use of UTM tracking codes.
So, let's get started.